Q)tell me about yourself and why UBS?
Q) find the first duplicate character in a string
Q) explain try catch finally.
Q)  Hashmap detail and how to use it
Q) about string class, collections, HashMap, Hashtable and difference between the two.
Q) to make another table same as first table with one line MySql query.
Q) oops concepts in depth 
Q) Method overriding where we have method private in base class will give compile time error. 
Q) Asked me about String class i.e immutable and then asked me to make class immutable 
Q) about inner class, threads, synchronization
Q) I was asked a machine learning problem of guessing a person’s mood given the type of songs he listens to.
Q) codes related to DS.
Q) write a code on linked list
Q) questions on DBMS
Q) a discussion on IOT and upcoming technologies and how they will transform our way of living
Q) Add 2 arrays using C++?
Q) Farmer, Chicken, Fox , Corn Puzzle
Q) Spider , Fly Leg Puzzle
Q) Given a 4×4 matrix mat, the initial energy is 100. The task is to reach the last row of the matrix with the maximum possible energy left.
Q)Reverse the interger ( have to code it ).
- what is multithreading?
- Bubble sort ( have to code it ).
- SQL query for Second highest salary in the table.
- Basics of Java ( OOP concepts ) .
- difference between SQL and NoSQL database.
- Explain Microservices
- what are REST APIs.
- what is Saas, Iaas, Paas? and give 2-3 examples of each.
- What is cloud computing? 
Q) What was the biggest difficulty you have ever faced and how you have overcome through it?
Q) Create a function that takes a string input and removes all slang/cuss words and common English words.
Q) What are the difficulties you have faced while working in a group project and how you people solved them as a group
Q) Why you have decided to join UBS?
Q) Why Java over Cpp?

For puzzles refer- 
        https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/top-20-puzzles-commonly-asked-during-sde-interviews/
Q)  pointers, enum and static variables and lastly about my project.